README.md, before:

# Katana ZERO Weapons
Terraria mod that aims to add all 7 katanas from Katana ZERO into Terraria as their own weapons.

Current mod status: Fifteen's Blade needs polishing but it works as intended.
# Weapons Added:

ZERO's Katana: The original, no special effects, just bullet deflection 
(Early Pre-Hardmode)

Prism Sword: Slightly increased stats from the original, with a colorful slash 
(Late Pre-Hardmode)

Sword of Masters: Slower attack speed, increased range, shoots a projectile that penetrates enemies, more hits per slash (Post-Destroyer)

Savant Knife: Very fast attack speed, low range, high amount of hits per slash, easier bullet deflection (Post-Mechs)

Claymore Prototype: Slow attack speed, big hit range and width, unlimited amount of bullet deflections per swing (Post-Golem)

Phoenix's Edge: Medium attack speed, very high range, shoots flames that burn enemies (Post-Cultist)

Fifteen's Blade: High attack speed, very high reach, teleports to the mouse cursor on holding and releasing right click, meant to kill most enemies in one hit (Post-Moonlord)

Commit message:

Update README.md (added extra detail)

README.md, after:

# Katana ZERO Weapons
Terraria mod that aims to add all 7 katanas from Katana ZERO into Terraria as their own weapons.

Current mod status: Fifteen's Blade needs polishing but it works as intended.

# Weapons Added:
Zero's Katana: The original, no special effects, just bullet deflection 
(Early Pre-Hardmode)

Prism Sword: Slightly increased stats from the original, with a colorful slash 
(Late Pre-Hardmode)

Sword of Masters: Slower attack speed, increased range, shoots a projectile that penetrates enemies, more hits per slash (Post-Destroyer)

Savant Knife: Very fast attack speed, low range, high amount of hits per slash, easier bullet deflection (Post-Mechs)

Claymore Prototype: Slow attack speed, big hit range and width, unlimited amount of bullet deflections per swing (Post-Golem)

Phoenix's Edge: Medium attack speed, very high range, shoots flames that burn enemies (Post-Cultist)

Fifteen's Blade: High attack speed, very high reach, teleports to the mouse cursor on holding and releasing right click, meant to kill most enemies in one hit (Post-Moonlord)

# Extra Info
- This mod is made by me in attempt to learn the ropes of programming, There might be bugs I haven't found yet that could break the mod.
- I am not very experienced in programming like I said, regarding Fifteen's Blade, some enemies will slip past the hitbox between the slash (There are 5 in total, one at the player position, one at the mouse cusror, one in the middle, and one in between the middle and player and between the middle and cursor)
- If you are more experienced and want to help me making this weapon better, send me a DM on Discord (.darkosto) and I'll gladly reach back.
- I plan on making the mod better with time like making special effects but that will be left for the future.
